when I first came through the door this
morning it was I guess no surprise like
seeing a bright yellow t-shirt I I
realized that nothing's gonna kind of
get stuck into me about being this Ozzy
and say something about where in
Australia
you do realize that Australia this year
have been atrocious at cooking and you
didn't even show up to the Olympic
she'll learn she'll learn it's going to
go soon is it's kind of mentally really
draining all the steps and physically
mean my legs have added on any kind of
movement for three years since I stopped
playing my carbs are taking a battery
I just want to strengthen your feet and
ankles up we're gonna have to get one of
those will believe all things yeah just
because without using your feet and
ankles you won't be a good dancer yeah
you need your feet don't here you know
doing spins and remembering steps
getting those kind of Mystere the
Natalie stare when you get it wrong
brutal
she gives me a real light look England
Australia relations are looking pretty
good at this stage we're only about
seven hours in please okay what do you
think it was I think it'll get better
I think there will be as long as you'd
say that seashell if you do it like oh
good one you found this hot spot yes you
found it